README.md, before:

# Mini Projects Repository

Welcome to the Mini Projects Repository! This repository contains a collection of small-scale coding projects and exercises that I've completed to enhance my skills in various programming languages and technologies. Each project is designed to demonstrate specific concepts, showcase coding proficiency, and serve as a learning resource for others.

## Table of Contents

- [Project List](#project-list)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Project List

Here's a list of projects included in this repository:

1. <a href="https://todo-web-app-2nvv.onrender.com" target="_blank">Project 1: Todo_Web_App</a>: Streamline your tasks with a minimalist Todo web app built with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.
2. <a href="https://tinyurl.com/faviconGrabber" target="_blank">Project 2: Favicon_Grabber</a>: Effortlessly fetch website favicons with this Favicon Grabber tool.
3. <a href="https://tinyurl.com/textqrgen" target="_blank">Project 3: QrCode_Generator</a>: Generate QR codes easily with this QR code generator tool made using Javascript.
4. <a href="https://tinyurl.com/js-fd-calulate" target="_blank">Project 4: FD_Calcultor</a>: Calculate fixed deposit quickly with this FD Calculator web app.

Each project folder contains its own README with specific details, instructions, and code.

## Getting Started

To get started with any project in this repository, follow these steps:

1. Clone this repository to your local machine:

   ```shell
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/mini-projects.git
   ```

2. Navigate to the specific project folder:

   ```shell
   cd mini-projects/projectX
   ```

3. Follow the instructions provided in the project's README to set up and run the project.

## Usage

The projects in this repository are intended for educational purposes, self-improvement, and as a reference for others. You are welcome to use the code and ideas in your own projects or learn from them. Please refer to each project's individual README for specific usage instructions and licensing information.

## Contributing

If you'd like to contribute to this repository by adding your own mini projects, fixing issues, or improving existing projects, please follow these guidelines:

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch for your changes: `git checkout -b feature/new-feature`.
3. Make your changes and commit them with descriptive commit messages.
4. Push your changes to your forked repository.
5. Create a pull request, explaining your changes and why they should be merged.

Please ensure your code follows best practices, and your projects come with clear documentation.

## License

This repository is licensed under the [MIT License]. Feel free to use and modify the code for your own purposes, but be sure to give credit to the original author (if applicable) and include the original license when redistributing this code.

---

Happy coding!

[Pratham Shinde](https://github.com/Pratham2137)

Commit message:

Add New Project
Riddle Generator

README.md, after:

# Mini Projects Repository

Welcome to the Mini Projects Repository! This repository contains a collection of small-scale coding projects and exercises that I've completed to enhance my skills in various programming languages and technologies. Each project is designed to demonstrate specific concepts, showcase coding proficiency, and serve as a learning resource for others.

## Table of Contents

- [Project List](#project-list)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Project List

Here's a list of projects included in this repository(click on the name to see the live webbiste):

1. <a href="https://todo-web-app-2nvv.onrender.com" target="_blank">Project 1: Todo_Web_App</a>: Streamline your tasks with a minimalist Todo web app built with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.
2. <a href="https://tinyurl.com/faviconGrabber" target="_blank">Project 2: Favicon_Grabber</a>: Effortlessly fetch website favicons with this Favicon Grabber tool.
3. <a href="https://tinyurl.com/textqrgen" target="_blank">Project 3: QrCode_Generator</a>: Generate QR codes easily with this QR code generator tool made using Javascript.
4. <a href="https://tinyurl.com/js-fd-calulate" target="_blank">Project 4: FD_Calcultor</a>: Calculate fixed deposit quickly with this FD Calculator web app.
5. <a href="https://riddlerealm.onrender.com" target="_blank">Project 5: RiddleRealm</a>: RiddleRealm: Daily riddles to keep your mind sharp and entertained.

## Getting Started

To get started with any project in this repository, follow these steps:

1. Clone this repository to your local machine:

   ```shell
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/mini-projects.git
   ```

2. Navigate to the specific project folder:

   ```shell
   cd mini-projects/projectX
   ```

3. Follow the instructions provided in the project's README to set up and run the project.

## Usage

The projects in this repository are intended for educational purposes, self-improvement, and as a reference for others. You are welcome to use the code and ideas in your own projects or learn from them. Please refer to each project's individual README for specific usage instructions and licensing information.

## Contributing

If you'd like to contribute to this repository by adding your own mini projects, fixing issues, or improving existing projects, please follow these guidelines:

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch for your changes: `git checkout -b feature/new-feature`.
3. Make your changes and commit them with descriptive commit messages.
4. Push your changes to your forked repository.
5. Create a pull request, explaining your changes and why they should be merged.

Please ensure your code follows best practices, and your projects come with clear documentation.

## License

This repository is licensed under the [MIT License]. Feel free to use and modify the code for your own purposes, but be sure to give credit to the original author (if applicable) and include the original license when redistributing this code.

---

Happy coding!

[Pratham Shinde](https://github.com/Pratham2137)
